We continue here in the town of Lota in
what is the prey the jump where
we are known second second seal
good we are a beautiful place
wonderful that is the saint where it comes
people to fish here without a license
health environment to tourists and that's how
it became very attractive prey by
The quality and quantity of the size of
the loin makes it attractive that
fishermen that people who like
this type of fishing choose to come to this
place where people come from and want
fish since it leaves from the world
to the people of the other lordship right now
people come from several countries
starting with usa
from here of mexico japan japan from
japan go fishing no japan come
also from canada france spain
portugal because several countries among others
do not
there fishing has become well known
this and for example for example one
he wants to come fishing and he can sleep there
where somewhere like this is
procedure here then look there's
already complete camps that offer
all services this so that the
Fisherman's stay is pleasant and
honest clean in all aspects has
very strong the concept of
attend to the fisherman with
customs of this type of animal
what size coil take me out here
there is a record of 18 pounds but it is very
common people come fisherman this
habit comes to take out a coil of 10
between 10 and 12 free and it's a record
average among the fishing community
who does this activity this time but if
there is a record of 18 pounds